---
id: 20230528
draft: false
title: "GameDev.tv Game Jam 2023 - Day 8"
description: "Devlog for 'Life at Pixel Farm', my entry for GameDev.tv Game Jam"
date: 2023-05-28T20:00:00+00:00
author: Sorskoot
layout: post
share: true
comments: true
guid: https://www.timmykokke.com/?p=20230528
permalink: /2023/06/GameDevtvGameJam2023-8
categories:
  - Unity  
tags:
  - GameJam
---
# Devlog Day 8: Life at Pixel Farm 
## Fine-tune & Polish ✨

Hello fellow devs! 🌱 Today, I'll share my progress on Day 8 of developing a casual VR farming game for the [GameDev&#x2024;tv Game Jam](https://itch.io/jam/gamedevtv-jam-2023). The game is built with Unity and has a 2D aesthetic despite being in VR to follow the theme of the jam, "Life in 2 dimensions". There's just one problem - I miscalculated the duration of the jam! I initially thought it was running for 10 days, but the first day was only a few hours because it started in the evening. So, my planning was one day off. Fortunately, I had the main game loop done already, but I might not be able to implement all features I had planned. We'll see.

## Beautifying the World 🌳

I worked a lot on making the world look better today. The farming areas have been expanded from 3 to 9, and I added teleportation places for each area. To make teleportation easier, I also added a path between them. A farmhouse is now present, surrounded by more trees to give it that cozy farm feel. Oh, and let's not forget the rooster's morning call – my daughter suggested that! 🐓

## Watering and Harvesting Animations 💦

I created an animation for when you water the plants using [SpriteMancer](https://spritemancer.com/) to create a particle effect and rendered that as a pixel art animation to fit the game's aesthetic. I also added an animation for when you harvest the crops. For both animations, I created a small script that automatically destroys a game object when an animation is complete – pretty handy!

## Tool Selection Improvements 🔧

I tweaked how tools are shown in your right hand so it's more visible which tool is selected. This should help make gameplay smoother and more intuitive.

## What's Next? ⏭️

With just one day left (Monday 5/29), all that remains is testing, bug fixing, and releasing the game! It's been quite the journey creating this casual VR farming experience, and I hope you enjoyed following along. Stay tuned for the final product! And make sure to watch the [Itch.io page of the game](https://sorskoot.itch.io/life-at-pixel-farm) and try out the game soon.

Happy coding! 🚀