content/about.md, before:

+++
menu = "main"
title = "About"
type = "about"
weight = 10
+++

Timmy has been described as an expert in C#, JavaScript and web technologies. He is a senior developer, technical lead with a lot of knowledge about architecture. He has been building software, primarily for the web, for over 2 decades ranging from large web portals and mobile apps to creating 3D artist impressions and virtual reality. 

Timmy currently works at Senior Mixed Reality Developer at Velicus. He founded the [WebXR NL meetup](https://webxr.nl) and is recognized as a [Microsoft MVP](https://mvp.microsoft.com/en-us/PublicProfile/4029159?fullName=Timmy%20%20Kokke) for Developer Technologies. He is on twitter at [@sorskoot](https://twitter.com/sorskoot), blogs regularly on https://timmykokke.com and you can find him coding live at https://twitch.tv/sorskoot.

![about](../images/mac.jpg)

## DISCLAIMER

Last updated: **February 04, 2021**

### WEBSITE DISCLAIMER

All information provided by Timmy Kokke (“I,” “me” or “my”) on https://timmykokke.com (the “Site”) is for general informational purposes only. All information on the Site is provided in good faith, however I make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness of any information on the Site. 
The views expressed on this Site are strictly my own and do not necessarily reflect the views of my employer. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE SHALL I HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF THE SITE OR RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE. YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND YOUR RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION ON THE SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

### EXTERNAL LINKS DISCLAIMER

The Site may contain (or you may be sent through the Site) links to other websites or content belonging to or originating from third parties or links to websites and features in banners or other advertising. Such external links are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness by me. I DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OFFERED BY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES LINKED THROUGH THE SITE OR ANY WEBSITE OR FEATURE LINKED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING. I WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.

### PROFESSIONAL DISCLAIMER

The Site cannot and does not contain software developer advice. The software developer information is provided for general informational and educational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional advice. Accordingly, before taking any actions based upon such information, I encourage you to consult with the appropriate professionals. I do not provide any kind of software developer advice. THE USE OR RELIANCE OF ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

### AFFILIATES DISCLAIMER

The Site may contain links to affiliate websites, and I might receive an affiliate commission for any purchases made by you on the affiliate website using such links. Our affiliates include the following:
- Manning Publishing
- Humble Bundle

Commit message:

Wonderland Components: JS vs TS

content/about.md, after:

+++
menu = "main"
title = "About"
type = "about"
weight = 10
+++

Timmy has been described as an expert in C#, JavaScript and web technologies. He is a senior developer, technical lead with a lot of knowledge about architecture. He has been building software, primarily for the web, for over 2 decades ranging from large web portals and mobile apps to creating 3D artist impressions and virtual reality. 

Timmy currently works at Senior WebXR Solutions Architect at [Wonderland GmbH](https://wonderlandengine.com). He founded the [WebXR NL meetup](https://webxr.nl) and is recognized as a [Microsoft MVP](https://mvp.microsoft.com/en-us/PublicProfile/4029159?fullName=Timmy%20%20Kokke) for Developer Technologies. He is on twitter at [@sorskoot](https://twitter.com/sorskoot), blogs regularly on https://timmykokke.com and you can find him coding live at https://youtube.com/sorskoot.

![about](../images/mac.jpg)

## DISCLAIMER

Last updated: **December, 2023**

### WEBSITE DISCLAIMER

All information provided by Timmy Kokke (“I,” “me” or “my”) on https://timmykokke.com (the “Site”) is for general informational purposes only. All information on the Site is provided in good faith, however I make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness of any information on the Site. 
The views expressed on this Site are strictly my own and do not necessarily reflect the views of my employer. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE SHALL I HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF THE SITE OR RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE. YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND YOUR RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION ON THE SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

### EXTERNAL LINKS DISCLAIMER

The Site may contain (or you may be sent through the Site) links to other websites or content belonging to or originating from third parties or links to websites and features in banners or other advertising. Such external links are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness by me. I DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OFFERED BY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES LINKED THROUGH THE SITE OR ANY WEBSITE OR FEATURE LINKED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING. I WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.

### PROFESSIONAL DISCLAIMER

The Site cannot and does not contain software developer advice. The software developer information is provided for general informational and educational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional advice. Accordingly, before taking any actions based upon such information, I encourage you to consult with the appropriate professionals. I do not provide any kind of software developer advice. THE USE OR RELIANCE OF ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

### AFFILIATES DISCLAIMER

The Site may contain links to affiliate websites, and I might receive an affiliate commission for any purchases made by you on the affiliate website using such links. Our affiliates include the following:
- Manning Publishing
- Humble Bundle
