---
date: 2019-07-11T00:00:00+00:00
title: All the small things (2)
tags:
- javascript
- nodejs
- vuejs
github: https://github.com/sorskoot/ultraviolentjunglist
---

Today we are doing a lot of small things again. Not only on _Ultraviolent Junglist_, the audio workstation, but also on our chatbot _Rosie_.

During the first part of the stream, we added 3 new sound effects to the bot: !rewrite, !kickass and !explode. Next we added a new rainbow light effect. You can trigger this effect with `!light rainbow` during the stream. The last thing we added to the chatbot was a `!blame` command for blaming random stuff on random people.

For the audio workstation, we tried adding the _BitCrusher_ effect. It sounds horrible. So we removed it again. Then we stared working on a component for the filter effects, like highpass and lowpass.

{{< youtube AgRheAz-cSw >}}

<!--more-->
## Segments

| Timestamp | Topic             |
| ---       | ---               |
| 00:00:00 | Hello World |
| 00:05:00 | Adding new sound effects |
| 00:13:54 | Adding the `!light rainbow` effect |
| 00:36:42 | Adding the `!blame` command |
| 01:02:37 | Explaining and fixing the link check |
| 01:14:49 | Getting stuff done on the DAW |
| 02:57:49 | Goodbye |

---

## Announcements

- [X] Link check in bot
- [X] Still working on article on stream setup
- [X] !discord
- [ ] !git
- [ ] clip

---

## Project working on today

Rosie
- [X] Add Rainbow to light
- [X] Add a few sound FX
- [X] Add !blame {target} {reason}

Ultraviolent Junglist:
- [X] Started creating a component for the filters

## Next Steps

Layout
- [ ] Find the issue in the exploding emotes overlay. They seem to hang.

Ultraviolent Junglist
- [ ] Improve design on Pattern Editor
- [ ] Colors in Segment selection
- [ ] Add more FX

---

## Things we learned

- SVG using `<title>` as well. Searching for it with $("title) might result in more than one result.

---

## Todays stream brought to you by

### Raids

| Name | Raiders |
| --- | --- |
| [roberttables](https://twitch.tv/roberttables) | 14 |
